New Topic: C# with a few initial concepts and terms (#1017)
Codecademy/docs: content/c-sharp/c-sharp.md

---
Title: 'C#'
Description: 'C# is a general purpose programming language developed by Microsoft and released in 2000.'
Codecademy Hub Page: 'https://www.codecademy.com/catalog/language/c-sharp'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-c-sharp'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> C# is a general-purpose programming language developed by Microsoft and released in 2000. It is used for a variety of tasks from web apps to desktop apps, to mobile apps and games.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is used for a variety of tasks such as web apps, desktop apps, mobile apps, and games.
```

> C# was designed as a C-like language that utilizes Microsoft's .Net Framework. The core syntax is similar to [C](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/c), [C++](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/cpp) and [Java](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/java).

Reviewer 2: Oxford comma missing here~
